And everyone, welcome to this part.
And in this again, we'll understand how to find the cause of solutions when there doesn't exist to
the cause of solutions.
So I would give a very, very, very simple problem, the most easy problem there would be in this year,
any programming, which is three number of segments for each number from one to entry, for example,
it's n is equal to ten.
It's what I have to do is I have to print I have to actually see out.
Enemas they maradona's ten numbers.
Let me just.
Write those numbers over here.
Their numbers from 1 to 10.
And we have their binaries, right.
So one's binaries, one and twos binaries.
There's three or five.
Six.
Seven.
It.
Nine.
So I hope you know about binary, because this is very important.
And what I what I have to print, I have to print the number of said words for each number.
Rachel, how many are there today?
In one.
But what is the meaning of said?
It is the count of ones in the binary of it.
How many said?
Retiring to one?
Three.
We have to separate.
We have two ones.
Or four.
We have.
One said, but I have to say it.
Similarly to save two birds trees.
Edwards once said bird and.
This is you said it and I going to say it, but basically I have to print this out.
And so you all might be wondering that it's a very easy solution.
You just held onto the code editor ranallo from at the end gala function which will give you the number
of said it's eight but.
What is the complexity of it?
If I just.
You know.
Right.
Okay, let me let me put.
Okay.
I think I need to save this one.
Let me save this.
And it's called.
This.
No consecutive.
Sorry.
And let me close this.
But this particular problem, you all might be wondering that what he will do is nothing where you just
start your loop from one to in.
One, two and whatever the value of Venice eight and what you will do is you just the out and you'll
just write a function which will just give you how many number of said which the eight and this is the
most.
Easiest brute force solution.
And also you can see the complexity is not much.
Because if I write a function which is.
Later in.
And let me call it a return.
That --.
What how much complexity of this function will be?
It will be long.
And in the worst case scenario, Lewis will divide by two and give me the number of counts.
I hope this is pretty easy for everyone.
And what is the complexity of the whole call?
The complexity of the whole record will be.
And Logan said, this is the more serious part.
What?
I want you to do it.
I want you to do something better than end Logan.
And not just, you know, and Logan.
Can you do it?
And can you?
Bring me the answer.
In just over an.
I just going over all these numbers once I just running one loop from 1 to 10 and not calling any other
function or any other thing.
Think about it.
What I'm saying I'm saying that this brute force audition will take analog anytime because and for this
particular area and login for this function to return me the number of Edwards but I want you to do
it in off and complexity only.
It off and complexity.
How can we achieve the oil and complexity in this?
It's before that you need to figure it out.
And because of solution, because we know that if I'm able to find out or record this origin, which
is something like this.
FFI It depends on some f i only eight I tested see then it can easily be computed it in orphan.
They will be recording it, will simply memorize it and it can easily be computed.
How can I find out this particular recursive solution?
So the answer lies in this answer lies in all these pairs here.
So let me.
Okay.
This is a bear.
Which is listed and then what is X and in spirit is x and to do you have to see the similarity between
x.
Binary and ex into two is binary eight.
So do we all know about left shift operatives?
Let me like quickly loose some extra knowledge.
Of course this is not a but just for you can connect to it I mean.
So what is left here appropriate to.
The left shift the bets by the number of digits we tell them to basically retrieve.
If I see three leaf shift one time.
What does this mean?
The binary of three.
This and left should will.
Just what it will do is it will shift those two it to the left of it.
Basically it will become 110.
And what is 1108 is nothing but x.
So basically if I leave shift anything, let's say X left shift one times it is nothing but equal to
x into two.
Eight because the values left shifting and what is now shifting right shifting is nothing but x divided
by two.
And you can easily see if I left shift three, but if I had eight shift three by one doing so.
Do you have to raise this?
And if I shifted, then I will only be left with one one and the last one will just go what was binaries
when it is one?
So you can try on these pairs.
Let's take two pairs leipsic firing and so let's let's do a five lecture one time.
So if I'm doing lecture and James, I'm just I'll just apply a large zero and this is nothing but and
as you can see the binary of ten and what is ten right shift.
One thing it is nothing but I.
Well, what I'll do is I'll simply.
Former recursive solution here you're branding on the understanding that I've just formed which is that.
Epiphany is nothing but deep of I buy two.
It means the number of birds in I eight.
If I'm talking about some number, I hear number of birds in I is close to number of birds in I about
two.
Plus.
So here, I want you to finish this by yourself.
Of course I'll be telling it.
Let's see the relation.
So if I have, I will do.
Which is let's.
Let's call it a random number.
So let's add this is able to.
So if I multiplied by two, what does it mean?
I'm lifting it by one.
I would, basically.
The number of digits tonight is a cluster number of digits.
And I will do the last bit.
How do we determine the last word, guys?
What is the last bit of the present?
Just think about this.
These are better than again.
I just took this question for some educational perspective on.
Because this will tell us a lot about life shifting, right?
Shifting divided between multiplying by two and the last words, especially about the last words, which,
as we can see, every alternate number has the last word said.
This is nothing but our numbers.
Every order number will have the.
This thing last bit, said eight.
What I can do is I can simply say DPA is equal to DPA because those bits are same rate.
Basically if I live here by okay, let me live shifted by.
Yeah.
So this will be the left shifting of the particular.
This is X.
This is X in two eight.
And what will be the last word here?
What will be the last word of the X by two of x two?
It is nothing, but it will depend whether x is a.
Even so, of course, Xanadu will always be one eight.
But I'm just saying that if I want to formulate.
This particular addition, which is DPA as you go through DPA, where to place?
Are they a bodyguard?
If I is out, it will give us one.
Otherwise, it will give us zero.
That means the last bit of eight.
So this is a symbolic relation.
So let's try to fill the whole area with this.
Me Right.
Well, as I said, DPA, literally all the DPA is over here.
For one, what will be the solution would be one is to go through DPA one by two, which is zero.
8240 Litchfield zero.
Because we know the it's a base case unless it's Barnard.
Yes, but wasn't it zero plus one.
Well, so deep two is equal to DP one because two veterans, one need to be with.
It goes to DP one.
Plus, whether it is art or not, it's not out all.
How much will it be?
Quality will be equal to one in the DP.
Three.
If poetry goes too deep.
Ubuntu is one less.
Whether to resort or not.
Yes, it is hard, but basically it will be true because DP when we have already found which is fine.
So in this way we can just, you know, go once over this whole area and keep on printing the element.
Right.
So let me just go ahead very quickly.
That's N is equal to ten.
It's say I was from.
Wonderland.
Right.
So.
It's have Eddie called DP and let's see it and plus one lend DP zero is initially 000 and I'm acting
in Brisbane because I'm printing Dillon.
What I'll do is simply DPA is equal to DP.
I buy two.
Let's now.
I mean, it has been shifted, right?
So I Abbott has been left shifted and I have to decide whether the last word is set or not.
How can I decide if I'm able to?
So if if it is an odd number, it will give us one.
If it is an even number, then it will give me zero eight.
So simply I'll just print this out.
eBay.
And let's build it.
Also.
One, one, two.
One, two, two, three.
One, two, two.
So as you can see, the complexity of this solution is not woven only and not even off and log in because
we have simply find out some pattern in the recursive relation and we have found this recursively and
this is a negative relation.
The DPA 1120 by means you'll be able to place I'm not I MOTU is whether it is even or.
Will raise.
So I hope you understood this.
Thank you, everyone.
And in the next part.